docs: Documented systemd-credentials support in CryptoService page (#6055)
eclipse/kura: docs/core-services/crypto-service.md

The interface is implemented by the `CryptoServiceImpl` class that provides a baseline reference for users to generate their own versions of the CryptoService if needed.
A notable use of the `CryptoService` is encrypting the configuration snapshot files and the configuration properties of PASSWORD type.

## Encryption key

The default `CryptoServiceImpl` included with Kura utilizes a configurable encryption key for encryption purposes. When no secret key is provided, a commonly known default encryption key is used. This default should only be used in development and testing environments. For production deployments, it is **CRUCIAL** that users replace the default encryption key with a secure one.

!!! warning

    Failing to replace the default secret leaves encrypted data vulnerable. Ensure secrets are stored and managed securely in your environment.

The secret key must be either 16, 24, or 32 bytes (characters) long, it can be specified in the following ways:

> ### Using systemd-credentials (recommended)

Reviewer: To make the available alternatives stand out more I would add "Option X" in the paragraph title.

```suggestion
### Option 1: Using systemd-credentials (recommended)
```

The commands should be run as root.

```sh
mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d
```

```sh
systemd-ask-password -n | ( echo "[Service]" && systemd-creds encrypt --name=kura_encryption_key -p - - ) >/etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-encryption-key.conf
```

```sh
systemctl daemon-reload
```

The result can be verified with `systemctl cat kura`, it should produce an output similar to the following:

```sh
systemctl cat kura
# /lib/systemd/system/kura.service
[Unit]
Description=Kura
Wants=dbus.service
After=dbus.service

....
kura.service content
....

# /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-encryption-key.conf
[Service]
SetCredentialEncrypted=kura_encryption_key: \
        Whxqht+dQJax1aZeCGLxmiAAAAABAAAADAAAABAAAADQfAnaQJMAVKCEJjcAAAAASk3/B \
        EZuKkHQPNKDXe7zn68bjyhzE7ni2R+g2B9o9aWrtMT9OGztsK+WbpsjTr8ci4FKcFL/dd \
        B1nKZ+O2Zt1Q==

```

!!! note

    The setup above is just an example, systemd offers different ways to pass credentials to services. Please review systemd documentation to understand the different options and chose the most appropriate for your case.

> ### Using a Java system property

Reviewer: To make the available alternatives stand out more I would add "Option X" in the paragraph title.

```suggestion
### Option 2: Using a Java system property
```

#### Systemd deployments

!!! note

    Consider using systemd-credentials if available on your system

A possible way to provide the key is creating an environment file like shown below. The commands must be run as root.

```sh
echo KURA_CRYPTO_SECRET_KEY=$(systemd-ask-password -n) > /etc/kura-key.conf
```

Review the content of the `/etc/kura-key.conf` to verify if it needs escaping as explained in the description of the `EnvironmentFile` parameter in [systemd documentation](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd.exec.html).

```sh
chmod 400 /etc/kura-key.conf
```

```sh
mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d
```

```sh
( echo "[Service]" && echo "EnvironmentFile=/etc/kura-key.conf" ) >/etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-key-env-file.conf
```

```sh
systemctl daemon-reload
```

The result can be verified with `systemctl cat kura`, it should produce an output similar to the following:

```sh
systemctl cat kura
# /lib/systemd/system/kura.service
[Unit]
Description=Kura
Wants=dbus.service
After=dbus.service

....
kura.service content
....

# /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-key-env-file.conf
[Service]
EnvironmentFile=/etc/kura-key.conf
```

> #### Contanier based deployments

Reviewer: Typo

```suggestion
#### Container based deployments
```

> Specify the environment variable using the `--env` or `--env-file` command line option of the `docker`/`podman` `run` or `create` commands.

Reviewer: I would link the Kura docker container documentation here

```suggestion
Specify the environment variable using the `--env` or `--env-file` command line option of the `docker`/`podman` `run` or `create` commands.

For additional information about Eclipse Kura containers see: https://hub.docker.com/r/eclipse/kura/
```

> ### Using a custom storage implementation

Reviewer: To make the available alternatives stand out more I would add "Option X" in the paragraph title.

```suggestion
### Option 3: Using a custom storage implementation
```

The interface is implemented by the `CryptoServiceImpl` class that provides a baseline reference for users to generate their own versions of the CryptoService if needed.
A notable use of the `CryptoService` is encrypting the configuration snapshot files and the configuration properties of PASSWORD type.

## Encryption key

> The default `CryptoServiceImpl` bundled with Kura perfmorms encryption with a configurable encryption key. A well-known, default encryption key is used when no secret is provided. This default is intended only for development and testing purposes. For production deployments, users **MUST** replace the default encryption key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default `CryptoServiceImpl` included with Kura utilizes a configurable encryption key for encryption purposes. When no secret key is provided, a commonly known default encryption key is used. This default should only be used in development and testing environments. For production deployments, it is **CRUCIAL** that users replace the default encryption key with a secure one.
```

Maybe a possible rewriting

!!! warning

    Failing to replace the default secret leaves encrypted data vulnerable. Ensure secrets are stored and managed securely in your environment.

The secret key must be either 16, 24, or 32 bytes (characters) long, it can be specified in the following ways:

### Using a Java system property

The encryption key can be configured with the following Java system property:

- `org.eclipse.kura.core.crypto.secretKey`

> Kura default start scripts will set the system property above to the content of the `KURA_CRYPTO_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.

Reviewer: What's the recommended way to do this? Given that Kura is ran by a systemd-unit not all users know how to handle this. I would add at least an example on how to do it. 
Also: do we recommend this as the best way to handle the secret key? Or is this mainly geared towards container installations?

> Kura default start scripts will set the system property above to the content of the `KURA_CRYPTO_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.

Reviewer: Should we tell users where to find our start scripts?

```suggestion
Kura default start scripts (see `/opt/eclipse/kura/bin/`) will set the system property above to the content of the `KURA_CRYPTO_SECRET_KEY` environment variable.
```

> ### Using systemd-credentials

Reviewer: If this is the recommended way to handle this I would try to emphasise it by:
1. Putting this at the top of the list
2. adding a "(recommended)" in the title of the paragraph

```suggestion
### Using systemd-credentials (recommended)
```

> 
> ### Using systemd-credentials
> 
> Strating from Eclipse Kura 6.0, the default `CryptoService` implementation supports loading the encryption key from a [systemd credential](https://systemd.io/CREDENTIALS/) named `kura_encryption_key`.
> 
> It can be speficied using any of the methods supported by systemd. For example it can be stored in encrypted form in a configuration dropin of the `kura.service` unit, as shown below (adapted from Example 2 in [systemd-creds](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-creds.html) man page)
> 
> ```
> mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d
> systemd-ask-password -n | ( echo "[Service]" && systemd-creds encrypt --name=kura_encryption_key -p - - ) >/etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-encryption-key.conf
> ```

Reviewer: Formatting and easier copy-paste. (Please note I had to remove a "`" since it was breaking the markdown rendering)

```suggestion
``bash
mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d
``

``bash
systemd-ask-password -n | ( echo "[Service]" && systemd-creds encrypt --name=kura_encryption_key -p - - ) > /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-encryption-key.conf
``
```

Reviewer: Also we should warn users that these commands require administrator privileges?

> ```

Reviewer: When I run this on my RPi I get the following:

```
Credential secret file '/var/lib/systemd/credential.secret' is not located on encrypted media, using anyway.
```

Is this expected?

Author: I think it is expected unless `/var/lib/systemd/credential.secret` is on an encrypted volume

> 

Reviewer: Finally I would add the expected output here for demo purpose:

```suggestion
Finally, you should see something like the following:

```bash
cat /etc/systemd/system/kura.service.d/50-encryption-key.conf
[Service]
SetCredentialEncrypted=kura_encryption_key: \
        Whxqht+dQJax1aZeCGLxmiAAAAABAAAADAAAABAAAABV+VpyHdcQtsMvDrMAAAAA1D9Ey \
        htk7JdOjpYN2f+zNvArmtryKjstfhLV54oOSOmS4xE7xZyw+MFv4ee58kqAsvxJdK51H8 \
        XkDEmI3ztO9ad5S0BMKZfMb0JYXrVSfnlozda+3+R2Hw==
```
```

### Using a custom storage implementation

> To implement an alternative mechanism for storing the key it is possible to replace the `org.eclipse.kura.core.crypto` bundle with a custom implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To implement an alternative mechanism for key storage, you can replace the `org.eclipse.kura.core.crypto` bundle with a custom implementation.
```
